remove references to Google Inbox (#5)
InboxSDK/inboxsdk-docs: docs/search.md

id: search-docs
title: Search
---

> This namespace allows you to interact Gmaildefault search behaviour. It allows for two use cases: 1) To provide autocomplete suggestions as the user types in their query and 2) To rewrite sarch queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This namespace allows you to interact with Gmail's default search behaviour. It allows for two use cases: 1) To provide autocomplete suggestions as the user types in their query and 2) To rewrite sarch queries.
```
